Right...
Okay...
So what do you think about the airplane they used?
They had a propeller in the back, one propeller in the back, right?
Was it in the front? Wasn't it?
Yeah...  It's very aerodynamic.
That one that they were using for the war.
So apparently they hid that thing from everybody.
No one knew they had that kind of airplane.
How did they find out that the airplane is there?
And then he is probably the only guy who can...
Ride that type of airplane
Pilots... Yeah.. Yeah..
So he used that skill to kind of fly that thing.
What about the guy who was so mad at him?
You know that guy who came out?
Hmm...
Okay, because the airplane that when they found it, it was not.
Operatable.
To fix it before they can fly.
And how long did they take to fix that thing?
Ohhhh...
Well, for the sake of the movie, I'm sure it wasn't too many days.
and Godzilla was also coming back. Did Godzilla retreat after the first attack?
Okay, and then they came. So why did I have to go back?
in Gojira? Gojira was overheated? Oh Shin Gojira?
Uh hung..
oh to cool off yeah oh that's funny
actually i didn't really see the entire shingojira i only saw the one that was like
That part and then
The heeel the part...Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.. minus one.
So...
So do you feel the face?
Of that minus one  Bujiraa...
It was classic, but it was mean, like no facial expression.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rub more round yeah and then actually you could tell
When the Godzilla is smiling, you can tell it.
Godzilla was happy he jumps around you know and then
Give them the Pollock pose (***)
It's like one of those
I think it came from one of the
comedians in Japan was doing that.
like at that time they were using that to kind of either like surprise
or something like that.
That move became very popular at that time.
so it was not even from the godzilla it was came from the
Things that he was kind of well known at that time Yeah.. yeah.. yeah...
So basically Godzilla was turning into Canadian a little.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, they were. And they act basically just like humans.
Basically.
and they didn't really just come to destroy they're actually becoming like protector of
People
Yeah... Yeah...
yeah they are nice no but anything that japan made
or is not nice.
They were the destroyer, or at least the Shin Godzilla was like that.
And then minus one is like that... and then..
Now all the ones they totally different like that..
started to become more, although the Boston in the
The..
No.. no.. What is the title of the movie?
No.. no.. The  King of Monsters
So you say Kika Monster. What is Kika Monster? King of Monsters. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean that was pretty cool. I like King of Monsters.
Yeah...
yeah no mercy well do you even...
Gojira even no risk   humans when he was on the land.
yeah what do you think he was thinking when he came out
Start jacking...
Okay, so do you think the Godzilla was coming?
to Tokyo just sightseeing maybe?
Just like other jokes? Yeah, yeah, yeah... Ohh...
But he just strike starat to destroy everything.
Remember Uncle Mal said that the...
that God's Godzilla was a symbol of chaos
Yeah. Was that shingles,? Or, I thought minus one was two... Yeah..
But Shingojira, oh I see. So Shingojira was the one who made, okay.
Yeah..  So..
So that's something that you can think of.. Umm...
what about what about other guys that
you know the captain of the boat yeah...   So do you think..?
you